In the first place, the political politics is the principle of uniting the political ideology with the nationalism, and the principle of uniting the political system.
If we are to ask the practice of political politics, we must first establish our own self-knowledge in the so-called state of mind, the state of mind, and the state of peace.
The power of the self-knowledge that settles our own self is the foundation of the peace of the country.
The principle of the state of mind, the state of mind, and the state of peace are the principles of the state of mind, which is the law of the life of the self.
There is no other way to live a scientific life in the present.
The self is not a symbol of the outside world, but rather a instinctive instinct of the living being.
For example, when all living things have instinct, the self is certainly a symbol of the self, but when it becomes a human-like high-level creature, this work is complicated and activates in two directions, the legal and the legal.
The society that has been well-established in these two directions is the most beautiful place for peace and harmony.
The situation of the current cultural life is strongly emphasized by the law of the life of the self, and the psychological spirit of the self is abandoned by the self.
As a result of this impoverishment, the international and internal affairs have been negatively affected by the four-hour-and-a-half-hour conflict of each country, and the time of unrest has finally come to the end of the human life.